chore: Add descriptions to all component props (#1227)
Amsterdam/design-system: documentation/storybook.md

## Best practices for controls

Controls are automatically generated based on the component’s typing.

### Prop descriptions

We use JSDoc to describe each prop to keep documentation close to the actual definition.

> This also helps IDE’s pick up the description and display it in their user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also helps IDEs pick up the description and display it in their user interface.
```
